doc: cody is not self serve on cloud (#54652)
sourcegraph/sourcegraph: doc/cloud/index.md

Cody is an AI coding assistant that lives in your editor that can find, explain, and write code. Cody uses a combination of Large Language Models (LLMs), Sourcegraph search, and Sourcegraph code intelligence to provide answers that eliminate toil and keep human programmers in flow. You can think of Cody as your programmer buddy who has read through all the code in open source, all the questions on StackOverflow, and all your organization's private code, and is always there to answer questions you might have or suggest ways of doing something based on prior knowledge. Learn more from [Cody documentation](../cody/index.md) about how Cody can help you.

> On Cloud, Cody is enabled by default. Please [create Embeddings Policy](../cody/explanations/policies) for the best experience. If you would like to disable Cody, please reach out to your account team.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On Cloud, Cody is enabled by default. Please [create an Embeddings Policy](../cody/explanations/policies) for the best experience. If you would like to disable Cody, please reach out to your account manager.
```
